[docs] Fix typo in CONTRIBUTING.md (#27218)
mui-org/material-ui: CONTRIBUTING.md

[How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on GitHub](https://egghead.io/courses/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github)

> To help you get your feet wet and get you familiar with our contribution process, we have a list of [good first issues](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues?q=is:open+is:issue+label: "good+first+issue") that contain changes that have a relatively limited scope. This label means that there is already a working solution to the issue in the discussion section. Therefore, it is a great place to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help you get your feet wet and get you familiar with our contribution process, we have a list of [good first issues](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues?q=is:open+is:issue+label:"good+first+issue") that contain changes that have a relatively limited scope. This label means that there is already a working solution to the issue in the discussion section. Therefore, it is a great place to get started.
```

Please revert, this broke the link

Author: will do ,wait

If you didn't find a suitable issue you can also follow [@MuiContrib](https://twitter.com/MuiContrib) which automatically tweets new good first issues.

We also have a list of [good to take issues](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues?q=is:open+is:issue+label:"good+to+take"). This label is set when there has been already some discussion about the solution and it is clear in which direction to go. These issues are good for developers that want to reduce the chance of going down a rabbit hole.

You can also work on any other issue you choose to.

> The "good first" and "good to take" issues are just issues where we have a clear picture of scope and timeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "good first" and "good to take" issues are just issues where we have a clear picture about scope and timeline.
```

Reviewer 2: "of" is correct

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The "good first" and "good to take" issues are just issues where we have a clear picture of the scope and complexity.
```

- If a feature is being added:
  - If the result was already achievable with the core library, explain why this feature needs to be added to the core.
  - If this is a common use case, consider adding an example to the documentation.
- When adding new features or modifying existing ones, please include tests to confirm the new behavior. You can read more about our test setup in our test [README](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/HEAD/test/README.md).
- If props were added or prop types were changed, the TypeScript declarations were updated.
- When submitting a new component, please add it to the [lab](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/HEAD/packages/material-ui-lab).
- The branch is not [behind its target branch](https://github.community/t/branch-10-commits-behind/2403).

Because we will only merge a Pull Request for which all tests pass. The following items need to be true:

- The code is formatted. If the code was changed, run `yarn prettier`.

> - The code is listed. If the code was changed, run `yarn lint`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The code is linted. If the code was changed, run `yarn lint`.
```

- The code is type-safe. If TypeScript sources/declarations were changed, `yarn typescript` passed.

> - The API docs are up-to-date. If API was changed, run `yarn prototypes && yarn docs:api`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The API docs are up-to-date. If API was changed, run `yarn proptypes && yarn docs:api`.
```

It is a command.

##### ci/circleci: test_static

> Checks code format, and list in the repository. The log of the failed build should explain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks code format, and lints the repository. The log of the failed build should explain
```

##### ci/circleci: test_types

> Type checks the repository. The log of the failed build should list all issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typechecks the repository. The log of the failed build should list all issues.
```

Please follow the coding style of the project. Material-UI uses prettier and eslint, so if possible, enable linting in your editor to get real-time feedback.

> - `yarn prettier` reformat the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `yarn prettier` reformats the code.
```

> ## How to add a new demo in the documentation?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## How to add a new demo in the documentation
```

> You need to **create** a new file and **modify** two files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> For example, let say you want to add new demos for the buttons component, then you have to go through the following steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If, for example, you want to add new demos for the button component, you have to take the following steps:
```

The Markdown file is the source for the website documentation. So, whatever you wrote there will be reflected on the website.
In this case, the file you need to edit is `docs/src/pages/components/buttons/buttons.md`.

> Changes should be applied to the English version e.g. only `app-bar.md` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes should only be applied to the English version e.g. only `app-bar.md` and
```

It emphasizes that other languages should not be altered.
